Cleanup of permission (#19034)
ankidroid/Anki-Android: tools/release-description.md

The builds with `full`, `play` and `amazon` are useful for testing our builds for different app stores:

- **`full`**: F-Droid & GitHub `Parallel` apks

> - **`play`**: Google Play - does not have `MANAGE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE` permission as it is forbidden by Google, soon uninstall the user is invited to delete data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`play`**: Google Play - does not have `MANAGE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE` permission as it is forbidden by Google; when the app is uninstalled, the user is invited to delete data.
```
